It's time to display all of the messages that we have in our database.
So we're going to do that inside of our message lists container.
And our message was convener we're going to grab some information from redux including all of the messages
when this component looks.
So we don't really have any actions related to that.
So let's head over to actions and let's make a new one called messages dodginess and incited messages
dodgiest we're going to start by importing our API call from data I-Slash data slash services slash
API.
We're also going to improve or add error.
In case anything goes wrong.
From of errors.
So we're all going to need two more action types of messages which will be a constant which is a string
load messages are also going about another to remove a message.
So call that remove message which one I can implement just yet.
We're going to need it eventually.
So back in our messages we're going to make sure that we import load messages as well as remove message
and we'll get that from dot dot slash action types.
So it's had action types we now have two new action types for loading messages and for removing a single
message we'll use those in a little bit.
So let's make a simple function called load messages.
It's going to accept a parameter called messages and it's going to return an object.
This is our action creator.
The type is going to be load messages that are action type that we imported.
And we're going to add some messages inside of this action greter.
So first let's think about how we're going to load all of these messages.
So we're going to do a couple of things here.
We're going to make sure that on the back end we make a request to load all of those messages.
We have to make sure we make it even harder to load all the messages.
So let's make a function call fetch messages which is a function that's going to return dispatch.
We're going to use thunk here as well.
And inside of here we're going to return an AG I call it like we've done before here or making a get
to slash API slash messages.
And if this works out successfully we should run a function with some response and we'll dispatch load
messages.
And we'll pass in our response.
If this fails we'll catch up with some kind of error and we'll call an error with that specific message.
So if this fails we'll add that as well.
So where are we going to use fecche messages.
Let's first make sure that we have a producer they can handle that specific action.
So let's make a producer called messages dodginess and inside of reducers for messages.
We're going to make some action types so we're first going to import our action types lewd messages
and remove message and we're going to get those from doctor slash action types.
We're not going to remove message yet.
But let's start with a reducer so we can function with the default state as an array with some messages
and action.
I must do the usual let's work with a switch case statement we're going to switch off of action type
like we've seen before and we're going to be listening specifically for a lewd messages action type
and when there's a lot messages we're simply going to return a copy of whatever the messages are.
We're not going to say too much about removing But we're still going to want to see which returns that
state.
So here's a producer who want to make sure that in our index genius that we import that producer commanded
just like that will call that messages and we'll bring this into our combined reducers.
So now messages should be accessible from any of our action creators and our components should be able
to get access to it for Masbate props.
So what are we going next in our message list component.
We're going to start using that information.
But there's a little bit of a gotcha.
You know S-box when we make this API call right now in our ag i call we don't send the token along in
a header.
And if you don't send a token along in a letter we're never going to mark ourselves as logged in.
So we want some easy way to attach that information in the header when we're logged in.
So when the user logs in and our future requests we can add their token with a letter of authorization
and a value.
Bear with that token.
So inside of our services AG I guess we're going to add a little bit functionality to attach that token
to any request when the user logs in.
So make a function called Set token Hetter.
And this is going to accept some parameter called token.
And if we pass in a token to this function we'll add up to X uses the faults in the headers a common
header called authorization with a value of bearer and that token.
Otherwise we're going to delete from ASIO's devolves headers.
Common authorization.
So this is what we'll do when the user logs out so we're going to make sure whatever we call this function
if it has a token to it attach that token to all future requests.
And that's really important to make sure that the server knows who we are and we're locked in.
So where are we going to use the set token after so when we log in to user.
We want to make sure that we call this function.
So let's go back to actions for off a Muslim or set token Hetter I'll grab that from services.
UPI Let's make sure that we spell this correctly
and inside of our Oggi Yes we're going to export another function that we'll call set authorization
token and this will accept the token and we'll call our set token a header with that token we're going
to use this in a couple of other places.
So it's just a nice helpful place to isolate this logic.
So where are we going to start using this.
Well when the user successfully logs in let's pass in that token and send it in all future requests
and when the user logs out and we'll pass in the bully and a false so that they can delete that letter
from all future requests
there's one more place we actually want to use and that's inside of our address
inside of our house.
We're going to need to include a little bit of logic to see if there's already a token.
When the page refreshes.
So if there is a token in local storage which is the key of G Dodi's ogen that we had we're going to
then make sure that all future requests we add that tokin to the authorization matter.
So if you're fresh a page or a redux or is cleared How do we remember if there is that tokin what we
want to make sure that if that token exists.
We said it in all future requests.
So the way that we do that is by adding it to this authorization function.
We also want to make sure that we can use that.
So let's go in import said authorization tokin and set current user from that I-Slash store.
Slash actions slash what we're building here is the idea of hydration.
So what this means is if the server were to go down or if our next door were to be cleared.
When the page refreshes we could still see if there's a token in local storage and if so we can repopulate
or rehydrate our state with the current user.
So that's what we're going to do on this next line right here.
We're going to try instead of a try catch because we want to prevent someone from manually tampering
with the key of G W T in local storage.
With the key token in local storage.
So someone could go to local storage and change the value.
We want to make sure that when we set that token and send it we dispatch with whatever they give us.
So they modify that token and it's invalid we'll handle that inside of our catch and there will just
dispatch from the store directly so current user with an empty object will forcibly lock them out.
If we get the right token the store will dispatch said current user.
But here we need some way of taking the token and decoding just the middle part or the payload to extract
the correct object.
So this is where we'll use that JWT decode module.
So I'm sure we spell that correctly.
We're going to import GWG de-code from Jadot dash de-code and this is going to take the second part
the middle of gaji somewhat tokin the payload and decode it into the correct object that we pass to
that current user.
So look Arjay don't easy to decode with local storage that JWT tokin.
So this is important.
If someone were to try to kind of tamper with the Tokin this will stop them from happening.
If someone were to clear the store and read oxidant know they were logged in when the stage loads we
can rehydrate or repopulate our read like state using the Send authorization token in and our current
user functions.
So let's take a break here.
We'll come back and talk about the messages list now that we're sending the right letters to Mr..